Azure Resource Group Module
The Azure Resource Group module is designed to create and manage resource groups in Azure using Terraform. It provides a reusable and scalable solution for organizing and grouping resources within your Azure infrastructure.

Table of Contents
Module Overview
Prerequisites
Usage
Inputs
Outputs
Examples
Contributing
License
Module Overview
The Azure Resource Group module is built using Terraform and allows you to define and provision resource groups in Azure. It provides a simple and consistent way to create and manage resource groups across different Azure environments.

Prerequisites
Before using the Azure Resource Group module, ensure the following prerequisites are met:

Terraform is installed locally.
Azure CLI is installed and configured.
Access credentials for Azure are set up.
Basic knowledge of Terraform and Azure infrastructure.
Usage
To use the Azure Resource Group module, follow these steps:

Initialize the module by executing terraform init in your Terraform project.
Include the module in your Terraform configuration:
hcl
Copy code
module "resource_group" {
  source = "github.com/your-username/resource-group-azure"

  name     = "my-resource-group"
  location = "eastus"
  tags     = {
    environment = "dev"
    project     = "my-project"
  }
}
Configure the required inputs (see the Inputs section for more details).
Execute terraform plan to review the changes that will be applied.
Execute terraform apply to create the resource group in Azure.
Inputs
The Azure Resource Group module supports the following inputs:

name (required): The name of the resource group.
location (required): The Azure region where the resource group will be created.
tags (optional): A map of tags to associate with the resource group.
Refer to the variables.tf file for additional details and validation constraints on the inputs.

Outputs
The Azure Resource Group module provides the following outputs:

id: The ID of the created resource group.
name: The name of the created resource group.
location: The Azure region of the created resource group.
tags: The tags associated with the resource group.
Refer to the output.tf file for additional details on the outputs.

Examples
You can find example usage of the Azure Resource Group module in the examples directory. The examples demonstrate how to create resource groups with different configurations.

To run the examples:

Navigate to the example directory.
Execute terraform init to initialize the module.
Execute terraform plan to review the changes.
Execute terraform apply to create the resource group in Azure.
Contributing
Contributions to the Azure Resource Group module are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please open an issue or submit a pull request. Make sure to follow the existing coding style and conventions.

License
The Azure Resource Group module is open source and available under the MIT License.

Feel free to modify the template above according to your module's specific details and requirements. Provide clear instructions and examples to help users understand how to use your module effectively.
